---
title: "White Pony"
collection: publications
category: articles
permalink: /publication/2026-01-01-pony
excerpt: 'This paper is about "White Pony"'
date: 2026-10-01
venue: 'Journal'
citation: 'Lorenz Geyser, Watch Me Suffocate. &quot;White Pony&quot; <i>Journal</i>.'
---

Coke.

Not the fucking drink!
Pricing between 80-100 Euro -> 0.1 = 8-10 Euro.
Bad coke between 50-80.

Don't think skiing during summer is a bad idea. It's even better than in winter.

When experienced, starting bigger and doing smaller bumps afterwards. Make it a monster and use both nostrils.
I've learned over many years: it's always the first one that counts...the rest is just feeding the habit.

Obviously it's completly depending on quality. The one I am using kocks your socks of. Therefore SMALL lines are totaly enough.
ONLY DO FISH SCALE COCAINE!

Use a straw (metal or plastic - NOT A MONEY BILL!) and cut the girl with a card, or a razor blade.

Packaged in small paper cases it's easily portable and disposable. Storing in glass vials is much more recommended than in plastic bags.
It's much more than your boring ecstasy!

You have two nostrils. USE THEM. Double the times of surface means double the fun. Try to spread the substance on the walls of your nostrils.
Don't snort it too far inside.

Below 20mg you won't even notice it. Got a threshold at 5mg but that's just a light dosage and kinda wasted.

COCAINE IS NOT OVERRATED! USE IT RIGHT AND IT'S GREAT!

S: 30mg-50mg (<4cm lang, <0.5cm breit)
M: 40mg-60mg (4cm lang, 0.5cm breit)
L: 50mg-80mg (5cm lang, 0.5cm breit)
XL: 100mg (6cm lang, 0.6cm breit)

1g = 20 M
0.5g = 10 M = 2 L 6 M

Keep it going:

Waiting at least 30min is the bare minimum. Otherwise you won't be able to party all night. I would wait between 45min-90min.

Overdosing would start probably at around 1g in a night. The best experience would you get when doing between 0.2-0.5 in a night.

Doing 0.2 a night with M would last (200/50) 4 * 1h = 4h

Reducing the duration over time and starting bigger would mean:

24: 100mg L
1:30 80mg M
2:30 60mg M
3:30 40mg S
4:30 20mg S
6:00 done

Alternative:

24: 50mg M
1:00 50mg M
2:30 50mg M
4:00 50mg S
6:00 done

300mg is optimal for one night. Keeping this schedule is great for 22-6 partying.
The hangover is moderate at this consumption. Drink 6-8 beers and you're fine.
But don't get tricked by the feeling to thing you can drink like you're invincible.
You're still not.

Duration:

Peak - Instant and going for 30-60 Minutes
Still after you're having energy for 2 hours.

Mixing:

Also, coke should really be done with a bit of alcohol. The two drugs form a third in your liver called cocaethylene. It's more toxic than either of the two drugs on their own. It's very easy to overdrink, but try to limit yourself.

Alcohol is the worst but the most fun. Makes the hangover worse but feels great.
Well, when doing blow and drinking beer you probably want to make out with Mary. That's fine but you should keep the "Alcohol/Weed"-Rules in mind.

# EDUCATION PURPOSES ONLY!
